=== PDF PAGE 1 ===
Bede LMS Kick-off 
Meeting Minutes 
Meeting title: Bede LMS Kick-off 
Date: 01 Oct 2026 
Time: 3:00PM – 4:00PM 
Location / link: Online - Teams 
Facilitator: Husain Alhelli 
Note taker: Husain Alhelli 
Attendees 
Name Team Attendance 
Abdulnasser Alrayes Bede Bahrain Present 
Ghady Rayess FOO Present 
Bader AlSane Zain Group Present 
Fahad AlModaian Zain Group Present 
Husain Alhelli Bede Bahrain Present 
Petra Ammar FOO Present 
Bassel Beaini FOO Present 
Maher Haber FOO Present 
Geryes Saikaly FOO Present 
Rami Fatayri FOO Present 
Joseph Jabbour FOO Present 
Shaikha AlSalem Zain Bahrain Apologies 
 

=== PDF PAGE 2 ===
Discussion 
Agenda items presented by Husain Alhelli and discussed with all meeting stakeholders: 
1. The list of requirements is ready and will be shared by Bede to FOO today. 
2. A recap of the reasons for why Bede Bahrain is replacing Optasia 
3. Scope: Presented what is in scope for FOO to deliver versus what is out of scope 
and will be managed by Bede 
1. Eligibility Engine is in scope of Bede. Ghady Rayess mentioned that FOO 
have an Eligibility Engine already which was presented a few months back to 
Bede. Bede agreed to meet and go over the scope and features of FOO’s 
Eligibility and Scoring Engine. 
4. Requirements Overview 
5. Delivery Model & Governance: Bede’s recommended phases for the delivery model 
as well as the way to govern the project 
1. Monthly steering committee 
2. Weekly status update 
6. Key Commitments: Non-negotiables including SLA, cut-over and support 
requirements 
1. Commitments accepted in principle by FOO 
7. Timeline & Next Steps 
1. Agreed that within the next 7 to 15 days, FOO will respond to the list of 
Compliance against every requirement indicating if there are any flags to 
raise against any of the requirements. 
2. Emphasized the importance of providing a Workshop Calendar and to call for 
the first workshop ASAP 
3. Agreed that the Development Environment is hosted by FOO 
8. Abdulnasser Alrayes emphasized importance of the presence of the project team 
from FOO on-site in Bede Bahrain during the Discovery phase as well as during the 
Hypercare stage. 
1. Ghady Rayess mentioned that FOO plan to work in parallel streams / 
workshops and highlighted the importance that Bede should allocate the 
needed resource capacity from their end to support the parallel streams. A 
plan and schedule will be provided by FOO. 
9. Bader AlSane emphasized the importance of a smooth rollout that would make a 
success story to support the delivery of FOO LMS in other markets. 
10. Abdulnasser Alrayes and Ghady Rayess discussed commercial and payment 
terms post the kick-off meeting to be incorporated in the contract. 
Actions 
1. FOO to call for another meeting to present the features of FOO’s Eligibility Engine to 
Bede within 15 days 

=== PDF PAGE 3 ===
2. Contract to be formalized by FOO to incorporate the terms discussed by Bede 
(including Commercial and Payment terms discussed by the CEO’s of both 
companies) 
3. Bede to share the list of requirements with FOO after the meeting 
4. FOO to prepare a compliance matrix against the list of requirements within 7 to 15 
days 
5. FOO to send their version of the Delivery Plan including the workshops schedules, 
the parallel workstreams and the on-site presence within 7 days 